add fields to loganalytics workspaces (#9033)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/log_analytics_workspace.html.markdown

* `daily_quota_gb` - (Optional) The workspace daily quota for ingestion in GB.  Defaults to -1 (unlimited).

> * `public_network_access_for_ingestion` - (Optional) Should the network access type for accessing Log Analytics ingestion be enabled?

Reviewer: we can rewrite this as:

```suggestion
* `public_network_access_for_ingestion` - (Optional) Should the Log Analytics Workflow support ingestion over the Public Internet? Defaults to `true`.
```

Author: will change

> * `enable_ingestion_over_public_dns` - (Optional) Should the Log Analytics Workflow support ingestion over the Public Internet? Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer 2: given the description here should this be
```suggestion
* `internet_ingestion_enabled?` - (Optional) Should the Log Analytics Workflow support ingestion over the Public Internet? Defaults to `true`.
```

(we always put enabled at the end not the start)

> * `public_network_access_for_query` - (Optional) Should the network access type for accessing Log Analytics query be enabled?

Reviewer: we can rewrite this as:

```suggestion
* `public_network_access_for_query` - (Optional) Should the Log Analytics Workflow support querying over the Public Internet? Defaults to `true`.
```

Author: will change

> * `enable_query_over_public_dns` - (Optional) Should the Log Analytics Workflow support querying over the Public Internet? Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer 2: then this would be
```suggestion
* `internet_query_enabled` - (Optional) Should the Log Analytics Workflow support querying over the Public Internet? Defaults to `true`.
```
